# BusyLightDemo
There is a company here in Denmark that makes a ["busy light"](http://www.plenom.com/products/kuando-busylight-uc-for-skype4b-lync-cisco-jabber-more/) to give others around your office an idea of whether they should approach you or not. Not only is it a light, but it has built-in speakers! It can can sit on top of your monitor or attach to the wall outside your home office and light up based on a status you set manually or based on a status it gets seamlessly through Skype.

That's great and all, especially because we work in an open office and we each get our own light, but surely we can come up with something a bit more creative. For example, I wanted to set mine up to react when my code check-ins pass or fail. I want a quick alert for myself, and I hope that the public nature of the alerts will encourage me to get more green lights than red.

Fortunately, Plenom, the maker of the light, has an SDK to make controlling the light and sound of the device. The bad news, though, is that it's not so easy to see what each method does. What is the difference between "Alert" and "AlertAndReturn"? Spoiler: The latter does the same as the first, but ignores the color you choose and flashes blue instead. Odd, I know.

So I made two seperate projects. The first is the tool I wish someone had made before I started - a simple console app which would let me see the difference between alert and jingle, hear the different sounds, and see just how loud I can ring the BusyLight before I annoy my colleagues. There isn't much to explain. so check out the source (and an exe to try it yourself) in this repo.

I get email alerts about the status of my check-ins, so the second project is a [VSTO Add-In](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms268878.aspx) for Outlook. Read about that in this [other repo](https://github.com/hoovercj/vsto-outlook-busylight).